feat(source/fake): extend fake source to emit all supported record types (#6308)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/sources/fake.md

  --fqdn-template=my-company.com

# template expression
external-dns --source=fake --provider=webhook --webhook-provider-url=http://localhost:8888 \
  --fqdn-template={{.Name}}.my-company.com
```

The second example renders to `fake.my-company.com`, so endpoints are generated as `<random>.fake.my-company.com`.

**Multiple domains** can be specified as a comma-separated list. The fake source generates a full set of record types for each domain, and `A`/`AAAA` records carry one target per domain:

```console
external-dns --source=fake --provider=webhook --webhook-provider-url=http://localhost:8888 \
  --fqdn-template=one.example.com,two.example.com,three.example.com
```

This produces `3 × 9 = 27` endpoints in total, with each `A` and `AAAA` record having 3 targets.

> **Note:** Multiple domains add volume but not predictability — names are still random and change on every reconciliation. If your integration test needs a stable, known set of records, use `DNSEndpoint` resources with `--source=crd` instead.

## Limitations

- Endpoints are regenerated with random names on every reconciliation; the fake source does not model resource updates or deletions.

> - No Kubernetes cluster is required, but `--emit-events` will fail to post events if no cluster API server is reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No Kubernetes cluster is required, but `--emit-events` will fail to post events when kubernetes API server is unreachable.
```
